I've been trading for seven years and
helped thousands of people become
profitable. If I had to start over today
with everything I know now, this is the
exact process I would follow step by
step along with two simple universal
trading strategies you can start using
today. Let's get into it. So, what you
will learn for today, first of all, the
three rules of trading and then we're
going to go over the actual goal of
trading. And believe it or not, most
people are not just trading to make
money. They are actually doing something
else that is hidden. and then my top
five trading concepts to study because
there are thousands of concepts that you
can go over and I want you to only
master these five now then you can be
more flexible and then the universal
system what is almost every trading
strategy focus on it's this universal
thing and then the three pillars of a
trader what are the three things that
you have to have or you have to do in
order to become profitable risk
management because it's one of the most
important things and then finally the
only two trading strategies you'll ever
need. So, I'll go over these two trading
systems and then you can actually apply
them today. Now, this video will be
focusing on the things that most
beginners skip, the things that
struggling traders ignore, and the rules
that separate consistent traders from
everyone else. So, this video is going
to be unique. is gonna go into things
that most likely you did not think about
and you will not find on all of the
other videos that are just repeated over
and over explaining candlesticks looking
at trading view how to enter longs and
shorts but that is actually does not
matter as much as what I'll be going
over on this video let's first talk
about the three rules of trading now
this is what actually matters and if you
want to become profitable trader then
you focus on these three with one
missing then probably you will not be
profitable. The first one is thinking in
probability and this is something that
we're going to be actually going over
details on the next sections. And then
the trading pyramid. When it comes to
the trading pyramid, these are five
levels that you need to fix from the
base and then go into the top. You
cannot start from the opposite and any
of these levels will affect your trading
performance. So this is something that
no one ever talked about. and then
mastery over money. Talking about
probability, which is something that
we're going to go over details, but for
now, every trade is a maybe. Think in
this way. If I ask you a question now
about a coin flip, are you 100% sure of
a coin flip of the outcome of it? Then
the answer is probably no. That is the
same for a trade. A trade is no
different and no setup is guaranteed
even if it has all the rules, even if it
looks the best. And we'll cover this on
detail in part five. Now covering the
trading pyramid and I have a full video
on this explaining everything. So I'll
be having that on the description. But
the issue here is that 95% of traders
focus here on the strategy and they
think that this is all it matters. If
they have the strategy then they're
going to make money. But that is a very
wrong way and mostly everyone just talks
about trading focusing on the strategy
but forgetting everything that is below
that is more significant than just the
strategy itself. Now we need to start
from here. going up and we cannot fix
the base from the top. We need to start
from the base and then going higher and
going higher here is going to affect the
strategy and it's going to make it work
if it works initially. But I mean a
strategy without the base is not going
to make you money. So the first thing
that we need to fix is the core beliefs
about the money and markets and then we
focus on the beliefs about self and
capability. But actually before that
core beliefs about money in markets. If
you think that money is hard to make, if
you think that there is limited money,
if you think that the market is not
going to give you money and it's all
fake money, then you'll never make
money. And then beliefs about self and
capability. And this focuses on you
thinking that you cannot make money. You
thinking that you are not inconsistent,
thinking that you are not disciplined.
And if you think yourself that you are
not consistent enough in order to make
money, then you'll never be. And then
the emotional payoff. There is something
that you actually getting. If you're not
making money off trading, you're getting
something else. This could be, you know,
getting love from others, getting
support from other that you are working
and you're trying to become a profitable
trader. So payoff is the thing that
you're getting that keep you stuck. And
then the behavior and habits and that's
where a lot of people actually focus on
is you know trying to be disciplined,
trying to be consistent. But you cannot.
This is only the symptom here. You
cannot fix this without fixing what's
below and the strategy. And this is what
actually 95% of traders try to fix and
focus here. In reality, they have a good
strategy, but everything below is
broken. So, you need to start from the
bottom and fix all the way to the top.
And I would say a lot of people actually
have an edge when it comes to a
strategy, when it comes to trading, when
it comes to finding setups. But the
problem is that there is an execution
gap. They cannot execute it perfectly
because of everything below. Now before
we continue, just a quick thing.
Everything I've learned over the last 7
years, the frameworks, the system, the
way I read the market, it's all inside
my community, Edge School. That includes
the edge model, the same strategy I use
to find those 5 to1, 10:1, sometime even
20 to1 reward trades. And I take those
trades live with the community. If you
want to learn the full system that I use
and trade like me, there is a link in
the description with all the details. If
you're not ready yet, no worries. Let's
continue today's lesson. Now, let's talk
about mastery over money. Now, the skill
comes first and the money letter. Think
about athletes, for example. They train
and they do a hard work before focusing
on the trophies. They cannot focus and
just think about trophies, become
athletes in order to get that. No, you
need to work hard and being good at what
they do. That's the main focus and then
the money is going to come after. Think
also about doctors doing the same study
before income. Engineers build the skill
before getting the salary. So trading is
no different. And that's the problem a
lot of people have is that they thinking
trading is different. Trading is the
same as every job. You need to master
the thing that you're doing in order to
give the money. The money comes after.
And a lot of people fail because they
miss one of these three. If you miss
one, then you're probably not going to
make money. Now, let's talk about the
actual goal of trading. What are we
trying to do here? Now, keeping it very
simple, we have long and we have short.
Now, the main goal is to simply buy low
and then sell high. Buy low and sell
high. Now, you don't need to be buying
at the extreme bottom. You can buy here
and then sell here. And if you're
shorting, that means you're selling here
and then you're closing your position
lower. So doing the opposite. So all
it's needed is that I buy somewhere and
then I close my position higher or I
sell somewhere and I close my position
lower. The problem is that a lot of
people complicate this. This is common
sense. But the problem is a lot of
people actually try to impress others,
feel smart, get respect, and this is the
payoff. This is the emotional payoff.
They try to impress others, posting
screenshots. They try to feel smart by
predicting sometime and not execution.
And that is a problem. Let's make the
main goal is that we actually execute
buying lower and then selling higher.
And that's all. That is the actual goal
of trading. Let's now go over the top
five concepts to study in my opinion.
You focus on these for now and then you
can after expand to other concepts. But
these are very enough to you in order to
have a good start in trading even if
you're resetting. Now again, I do have a
full video explaining these five
concepts in details for over 40 minutes
and I'll have that on the description.
Make sure to watch that. I'll just go
over them very quickly here. So the five
concepts are the first one is a fair
value gap or an imbalance. And I'm not
using all the ICT concepts, but I focus
on the ones that align with my trading
plan and the ones that I think they work
for me after 7 years of trading. Now,
fair value gap and imbalance is space in
between the first candle and the third
candle between the wicks when they're
not overlapping. So between candle one,
the high of it, and candle three, the
low of it. This is the imbalance. And a
lot of time I focus on 50% of it. So if
price comes back to this level here the
50% of an imbalance I'll be looking to
buy and in a bearish scenario I'll be
looking to sell. Now this could be used
as a direction as an entry as a
confirmation a different way to use it.
Now the second concept is liquidity and
liquidity is money. It's basically
everywhere on the chart. But you know to
simplify this, you focus on highs and
lows and you focus on kind of some
support and resistance levels and you
are waiting for either for price to go
above it. There are actually two
scenarios here. We have a high either
price goes above it and displace and
then close above it. And a lot of time
we're going to have a continuation
because this is where a lot of money
was. And if we're disrespecting that one
then we're having continuation. If we
actually go above it and we fail and we
have some weakness here then probably
we're going to have a reverse. So two
scenarios at liquidity and again it's
the same as an imbalance. It can be used
in a lot of different ways. Now three is
SNR and here we focus on opening price
and this is what I actually teach on my
school and this is what the edge model
is based on. Now we focus on where the
so you see here we have an open price
goes lower and a lot of time if price
comes here I'd be looking for selling
and here we have a change in the
candle's colors we have bearish candle
bullish candle I would consider this as
a support area and support and
resistance could be seen in a lot of
different ways as well but this is my
personal way here is focusing on the
opening prices simply the bodies to the
weeks and then market structure and this
is an essential this is something that I
cannot trade without think about market
structure is you know telling you what
the market is doing if we are breaking
structure to the downside then what I'm
expecting we have a breakout structure
here we have strength so now I'm looking
for a continuation most likely to the
downside from here if I'm breaking lower
same thing here breaker structure what
I'm looking for is now price to go up
but then going lower now for this one
here because we started going lower and
here we have a break of structure to
that upside. What do we expect now? Is
price to go lower and then go higher?
All based on market structure. And I did
explain this in a lot of details on the
video on the description. And finally,
time frame alignment. And this is an
essential thing. This is if you told me
about the most important concept, it's
going to be this one time frame
alignment. It's all about aligning the
higher time frame with the lower time
frame. And for example, we have a key
level here. It could be an imbalance,
could be a liquidity, it could be an
SNR, it could be anything. We have this
on the higher time frame. We go to a
lower time frame. So for example, we go
from 4 hour time frame to 15-inut time
frame. And then when price gets there, I
switch to the 15-minut time frame now.
And I look for a confirmation. Simply
I'm waiting for the alignment between
the higher time frame and the lower time
frame. And then I'll execute after. Now
these are five concepts. These two are
essential. And then from these three,
you can actually use three of them, two
of them or just one of them. So you
could use SNR by itself and market
structure anti or liquidity and then
again these two essential one. So two
plus one of these or three of them
depending on your understanding and how
you can apply them together. Now let's
talk about the universal trading system.
Everyone explains the strategy
differently. So if we look at ICT, if we
look at supply and demand, these are way
too different. Support and resistance,
market structure, price action. If you
go and try to find a video for each one,
you will see them explaining them very
differently with different namings,
different steps and everything is
different and it's all about
complicating stuff. But almost all
strategy are the same and they are based
on key level to another key level and no
matter what the key level is. So it does
not matter because all they focus on is
what price going to a key level. That
first key level could be a support level
going into for example a liquidity level
or it could be going from I would say an
imbalance to a liquidity level. So it's
always from a key level to another key
level and it's the root of every
strategy you've seen on YouTube. It's
all based on this. You make this your
trading plan. You identify the key
level. You trade the price from that key
level to the next one. And these could
be different. These could be the same.
So it could be from an imbalance to
another imbalance, from a liquidity or
liquidity, or from a support level to an
imbalance, from a support level to
liquidity or just based on market
structure, a level on the market
structure to another. And nothing more
is needed. This is one of the most
important thing that I want people to be
aware of is that trading is all about a
key level to another. Every strategy you
see is all about a key level to another.
And that's it. And this is how we see
it. Key level to another key level. We
have a key level here. What happen is
I'm looking for this key level to
another one. A logical one. So if I'm
expecting another break structure to the
downside, I'll look for another key
level. It could be here. Price reach
that key level, right? Price goes up. I
have a key level here. I'm looking for
price to trade from this key level to
this one here. So I take longs here and
I hold to the next key level a key level
here from this one or even from this one
here to this one now from this one here
to this one here and it's all like this.
So if I have for example an imbalance
here, I'm trading this imbalance to a
low here for example or if I'm trading
if I have something like this I have
resistance here and a support I'm
trading from here to here from here
maybe to somewhere in here. If I have a
new level being created and that's it
now stick with me until the end where
I'll be going and teaching you the core
framework I've refined and used for
seven years now. So, this is something
that I came up with a long time ago.
I've mentored a lot of people to use it
and now I'm going to teach it to you for
free here. I actually teach you two
different strategies. One that is
universal and one that is very specific.
So, stay until the end. Now, the three
pillars of a trailer. You should do
these three things in order to make it
in trading. And these are different than
the three rules of the game of trading.
These are three things for you to do as
a trader. The first one is risk
management. Now for risk management, the
main purpose and the main goal is to
survive the market. So a lot of people
who actually quit trading very early,
it's because of risk management. So
survival is because of risk management
and it is capital preservation. So
without risk management, you'll be most
likely quitting very early and I think
you are being here because you had a
risk management. So otherwise you'd be
most likely quitting trading because you
lost most of your money. And the only
formula that actually matters when it
comes to risk management and it's not
the reward to risk ratio which actually
a lot of people focus on which matters
but it's not as important as the formula
that we're going to go over. And why?
Because you could have a very high
reward to risk but still lose. You could
have even 5 to one 10 to one reward to
risk. That is your focus but you're
still losing. same as win rate. You
could have a 90% win rate but still
losing and then a lot of other formulas
that people talked about but the one
that is matters the most is the one that
we're going to go over now. Now the
formula is the expectancy. Now if we
focus on what's in between here, it has
both the win rate and the average reward
risk. So it's not only about the
rewatcher risk and it's not only about
the win rate. Each of these can be high
but you're still losing. But when you
combine both of them then you can find
the real edge. So what is expectancy
here is the average amount of money you
can expect to make or lose every time
you place a trade. But here assuming
that you stick to your system you have a
risk management you are actually
sticking to one thing. That's how we
build or you know we calculate the
expectancy. Now positive versus negative
expectancy. A positive means you have an
edge. It means that the math is in your
favor and you're expected to be
profitable over time. So you need to
calculate if you have some data for
let's say uh 6 months, 3 months or maybe
more then you can calculate your
expectancy and if you have a positive
one then you expected to be profitable
over time. If you have a negative
expectancy it means that you have no
age. The math works against you and you
are guaranteed to lose money in the long
run. Now, no matter what you do, you
could make money today, tomorrow, but in
the long run, you'll be losing. Now, how
do we apply expectancy? If you risk $50
on one trade and $300 on another
confident and you'll be sizing up
randomly, the math will break and your
it will disappear. We cannot apply
expectancy here. We cannot calculate the
real expectancy here because you're not
sticking to one risk percentage. So the
rule is we need to risk 0.5 to22%. I
mean you could be flexible on this and
this is the max of your account per
trade. Now we decide the risk first. So
let's say I'm risking 1%. And then we
focus on the position size. So regarding
the position size, let's say we have an
account that is $10,000. And these are
the things that we need to identify
first. The account size, the risk per
trade, for example, 1% which is $100.
Stop loss is where the trade is invalid.
The position size is calculated so that
if I hit my stop-loss, then I lose
exactly $100. I cannot be using
different position sizes. Now, how do we
actually do this? You could use this
link here or you could use the
indicators that I have on Trading View.
I mean, I'll have a link on the
description for that one. Now, you have
the currency, the account size, the risk
percentage, and the stop loss in pips
and then the pair. and it's going to
tell you what is your position size. So
standard lots here 0.5 that is the size
that you enter with. Now let's talk
about the trader mindset. There are
actually a lot of different ways to see
the market. But the best one in my
opinion is seeing it in probability and
not certainty. And this is actually
inspired by one of my favorite trading
books. One of my best books that I've
ever read is trading in the zone. Now
this mean is that trading is a
probability and not certainty. That
means no setup is ever guaranteed. No
matters how good it looks. Every trade
is a maybe and not a sure thing. And
professional things in odds and not
predictions. One trade means nothing. A
single trade is random like one coin
flip. And I've already asked you that
question. Are you actually sure 100% of
the outcome of a coin flip? The answer
is no. And as the same applies to a
trade and results only matter over many
trades. And you must let the math play
out. Wins and losses are randomly
distributed. Even great strategies lose
multiple times in a row. And you cannot
actually know when a winner is coming
and when a loser is coming. You know
that. Okay, I do have a 50% win rate.
But I don't know when the winner is
going to be and when the loser is going
to be. And losing streaks are normal and
they don't mean that your strategy is
bad or broken. Think like the casino.
They do not win every hand. They rely on
a small edge plus repetition. That means
if you want your edge to play out, then
your job is to execute and keep
executing without changing the plan and
without focusing on the money and
without guessing the outcomes. And
finally, detaching from individual
results. That mean a winning trade does
not make you good because if you are not
sticking to your plan and then you were
lucky and you've taken just a random
setup, you make money. That does not
mean that that trade was good. And a
losing trade does not make you bad. If
you're sticking to the rules and you've
actually executed your plan, it could be
a loser and it does not make you bad. A
trade that followed your rules is a good
trade. Either it's a win or lose. That's
how a profitable trader mindset looks
like. This is what they think about.
Now, let's talk about the only trading
system that you need. So, we'll be
talking about two setups here. the one
rectangle and that is the one that we're
going to be focusing on today and then
the WTS framework the weakness to
strength. Now the one rectangle is going
to be a complete strategy based on one
rectangle but the WTS is going to be a
universal trading system for any key
level. So no matter what key level you
use, no matter what kind of, you know,
your specialty is either it's an
imbalance and support resistance, supply
and demand, whatever you're using, you
could be using the W2S framework because
the goal is to give you a high
probability range. And this is what this
does. Talk about the first setup, which
is the one rectangle. And I'll be using
some references from the book that I
wrote. If you want to have access to it,
then it's going to be on the
description. But we're going to be
talking first about the strength and
weakness which is going to be the
trigger. Now strength in simple terms
you can take actually a screenshot of
this or you can have access to the book.
Now strength is displacing and closing
in a body closing way below the low.
When it comes to weakness it's failing
to close simply having a weak having a
rejection of the low. Now the moment we
actually can identify these and the
focus is going to be on the weakness.
You want to see this and then what we're
going to be doing is identifying the
rectangle because we said we want to
trade all based on one rectangle. Now
you need to see this weakness in a good
market structure that is high
probability into a key level. You know
all of these things but then we identify
the rectangle. Now how do we do that? If
you notice this is where the weakness
is. We close like this. We wait for this
15minut candle. I forgot to mention that
we're going to be using 15 minute and 1
minute time frame. So everything that we
discuss here is going to be on the
15-minut time frame. And it works for
any pair. We want to see weakness. We
confirm this by waiting for this candle
to close and then after the closure, we
draw the rectangle. We draw the
rectangle from the low to the body and
then we switch to the 1 minute time
frame. So let's do this here. Actually,
I'm seeing a very nice example here. If
you notice, I see that we have actually
weakness here. We only closed one candle
above and then going lower. So I'm only
looking at market structure here. So we
have structure, we have a breaker
structure and notice what happened
after. Actually I can see that we have
weakness here. We can execute based on
this especially that we are in a uh you
know good structure going lower. But
after this breaker structure here what
we also have is this weakness. Another
weakness. Now the candle needs to be in
a bearish scenario. If I'm looking for a
short, the candle needs to be bullish.
Now, this one is a bit different because
it is bearish here, but this one is
bullish. So, let's actually focus on
this one here because this one is valid.
We never close above it. We have a
rejection. I'm going to take a rectangle
from the body to the high and I'm using
the replay here. So, you notice we have
this. I'm going to now switch to the one
minute time frame and the trigger, the
entry is going to be closure below the
rectangle. If we close one minute candle
below it, then that is the trigger. So,
let's play the price action. If you
notice, this one closes below. I'm going
to enter based on this and then have a
stop loss above the high. And that's it.
Now, playing the price action. If you
notice, we have a retest. And notice how
price is actually respecting the entry,
respecting the rectangle as well.
Exactly there. That is the precision
that we're talking about. You see here
as well as here. And this is a method
that I've actually developed after 7
years of trading. Now, we play the price
action. Okay? price goes a bit above and
then getting all this profit, you could
switch to a 50-minut time frame here and
notice what happened. Now, you could
close your position after seeing
weakness, another weakness. If we look
at how much we're getting out of this,
we got around uh 2.74, which is around
3:1 and then a bit more. Now, it gets
very close to the takerit after 3:1, but
then continues for 8:1. Now, if we go
back here, I can see a lot of other
examples. I'll just go over one more and
then you have access to the ebook. You
can learn more about it. Even I have
some videos about this specific
strategy. And then we go to the other
framework. Now, if you notice here, what
happened? We have price overextended
into a key level here. That is one of
the key levels that we use in it school.
Okay. Now, you can also cover this here,
but I'm refining this. Okay. Now we
notice that price goes here, try to go
again, but here we have weakness because
we're never able to close above it. Now
what do we do? Whenever we spot the
weakness, we actually take the rectangle
from the body to the wick. Drag it to
the right. Switch to the one minute time
frame. And then all I want to see is a
closure now below the rectangle. Let's
see. So it goes up. Okay. And this
candle here closes below. Now you could
enter immediately from here. Stop loss
goes above the high sometime. I would
love to see a retracement. So I could
have another order here also and then
stop loss above the high again. So
something like this. And then what do we
target? You could actually go to 50
minute time frame here in order to look
for another low to target or another key
level. Now what do we have here? I can
think of this for example and then the
other entry for example here or at the
low here. And then let's go back to the
one minute time frame. See what
happened. Playing the price action. Very
nice. Going lower. Okay. A bit of a
retracement here. Let's see the 15
minute. What do we have? Then price is
just going lower and lower and lower. If
we look at the one minute time frame
now, what do we have here? Look at this
insane trade over 10 to1. And this is
what I actually teach in school, but I
teach it in even a much better way. So
you see 9:1 and price did not you know
give this order so we remove this. That
is a very nice trade. Now into the
second setup which is the W to S
pattern. Now for this one because now we
do understand the concept of weakness
and the concept of strength. When it
comes to weakness it is failing to
continue on the same direction. So
having weakness for example price is
going lower and then because now it's
going lower but now it fails to go lower
at this point. Now strength on the other
hand is continuing in that direction. So
here we have strength and here we have
strength. So strength is continuing on
that direction. Weakness is failing to
continue. Now, we did focus on specific
types of weakness and strength on the
one rectangle method, but for this one,
it's not going to be just a single
candle. It's going to be, you know,
seeing the candlesticks around the key
level. So, are we actually displacing
below the low or displacing above the
high? Why is this pattern first of all
universal and important? Price is going
up. The moment we can spot a weakness,
it's telling me that now we are about
to, you know, we're finding weakness
here. We cannot go higher and that means
there is a potential of reversal now.
But it's not confirmed. When does it get
confirmed? Whenever we have strength on
the other direction. So the moment we
have this and then a strength on the
other direction which is something like
this then we can say that okay we do
have the weakness and then after that we
have the strength and that is the W2S
pattern and this here gives me the core
concept of almost every trading strategy
which is trying to focus on a high
probability trading range. Now what is a
high probability trading range? Means
that from this high which caused or you
know which was created after the
weakness and then the low here which was
created after the strength I can say
that okay this is actually a high
probability range and high probability
range means continuation. So this is a
high probability range and it is a
bearish one because the strength was to
the lower side and that means it's a
high probability range meaning that
we'll be have a continuation to the
downside from this range. This range
will be respected. So I could do
something like this go short here stop
loss above and then look for
continuation to the downside. This is
what a high probability range is. Now
whenever we have this pattern what do we
do is we could in another strategy what
I said is we want to spot this pattern
which is weakness strength and then
weakness that means what do we have here
weakness strength which is here and then
I want to find weakness inside of this
in order to trade it. So the moment I
spot a weakness, I can trade that one.
But in a universal way is that inside of
this range of the WTS, what I want to do
is look for a key level inside of it. So
you could, for example, focus on an
imbalance here, supply and demand area
or a candlestick pattern, anything you
want here. Okay? Anything you are free
to use whatever you want. But this here
is going to establish this high
probability range. So let's say I'm
looking for an imbalance here. After
this range, what I will do is I'll wait
for reaction of this imbalance and then
trade lower. Or I could simply have a
limit order at the imbalance. Stop loss
goes above the range and then take
profit at at another strength. Let's
spot a range that has two things. Now we
could have there are a lot of ranges
here, but I could see that there is one
here. What do we have? We have a
weakness and then after that we do have
strength. This is a low. after taking
this high and then we broke below it. So
now you want to look for a key level
inside of here in order to trade from
it. Now sometime it's not going to be
very clear for you and we do have this
key level here but I mean there was no
imbalance to look at here but let's look
at another example. For example, we do
have this key level. Okay, so I could
mark this key level here. Again, you
could be free to use any key level you
want. And let's look at what happened
before this. What we have is weakness
and then strength. So weakness and
strength give me a high probability
range to trade from and that means high
probability range retracement and
continuation of that high probability
range and that what happened here. So we
mark a key level reaction and we could
trade we could look at 50-minute
confirmation here. What is another
example right here? We have weakness but
then we did not follow by a strength
until right here and then what do we
have after? So now what do we have is a
high probability range. This is the low
of the range and then the high of the
range is here until we have the
retracement. Now you could say here but
then we only confirm the high after the
retracement and notice what happened. We
have this imbalance price gets to that
imbalance and then start going higher.
Now sometime the weakness could be just
price getting into a key level. So I
could consider this as weakness because
it filled a key level and then after
that what do we have strength? So now I
could trade the continuation again and
it depends on the key level that you're
focusing on. And same thing here
weakness because it went into a key
level but also only close one candle
below and then immediately goes higher a
break a structure. What can we do after?
is looking at a key level that actually
holds the price higher and then price
goes higher and we could see this in a
lot of different forms, right? So I
could see this here as weakness and then
strength and then after that after the
whole move here we have a retracement to
this key level exactly here after this
range. So we want to focus on that W
toss pattern and then we trade from
let's look at an example that I go from
a higher time frame to a low time frame
and you know we cover all of the steps
there is weakness and then there is the
strength and now this range here
actually I'm just going to go until this
range. Now what do we have? We have the
low and then we have the high and then
what you can do is take a fib from the
low to the high and you want to focus on
this area. So this is another way, this
is another use of using key levels,
right? You could use anything you want
here. Continue going higher until we
have the retracement. So for now, what
I'm going to do is I'm going to take it
to the highest high. And now we have the
OT here. What kind of key level I want
to use here? What I would say here is
that okay, I do have this key level
from, you know, some of the key levels
that I teach in school. these ones here,
these are strong levels and you know the
opening prices but it comes in a unique
way but also what I have is this
imbalance and this imbalance the 50% of
it is right here. So I'm going to take
this one and notice how price was coming
to this level as well as the imbalance.
Now what I'll do is go to the 15 minute.
What I'm expecting from this range and
this is the strength of this is that
this is a high probability range, right?
Whatever comes after is a retracement
and then what I'm expecting after of a
key level is another breakout structure.
So something like this and maybe
sometime as big as this or maybe half of
it. So what I'm expecting is something
like this. Not exactly the same way, but
I'm expecting a bigger move and mostly
break in structure. Maybe if this is
also another high probability range,
it's going to respect part of it and
then continue lower. It depends on the
higher time frame high probability
range. All right, so let's see now if
price respect the 50% imbalance. Okay,
50% of the imbalance, it actually
respect that one and then immediately go
higher. Now after this now we do have
another high probability range here also
on the lower time frame. So you could
have entered here based on this
engulfing candle but also because we
have weakness and strength you could
have a limit order somewhere. So I could
have here the 50% of this candle only if
price retrace to that one. Now I don't
know somehow price gets exactly right
there. So not sure where the 50% but
exactly right there and then starts. So
now what is the the same thing? This is
a retracement. I'm looking for another
expansion because this is a high
probability range. Let's see.
I'm going to switch now to the 4 hour.
So price gets in there very close to the
stop loss as well. So I just put a
random stop loss. It depends. So just a
random stop loss. You could be out. We
go 4 hour. Yeah, I'm being honest here.
Or you could have also another entry. If
price takes you out, you could have
another entry after this high
probability range. You could have
another entry. Okay? And then exactly
right there. So we have another sniper.
Now this one I put a random stop loss
here. You could have it a bit below and
be safe. But you know we could consider
this as a stop loss. And I'll play the
4hour time frame. See what happen after.
Because now what do we have? We have a
high probability range here. And I'm
expecting another one something like
this. Let's see what happened. And then
price immediately go there. So that's a
6:1. Now this one was Yeah, actually
this one is the new one. Okay, it gives
about 4.69 and then it starts going
nowhere. Sometime you could have a
better entry. So based on this as well,
we have one imbalance to imbalances. We
could have an entry based on the
imbalances. So from this imbalance to
the second one. Okay. Yeah, it's around
the same area here. price gets there and
immediately goes higher and you could
have if you wanted another refinement.
Now you could be flexible with this. You
could have a lot of different entries.
But what you can also do is after price
giving you another range here, you could
trade based on this and then trust this
range. So instead of a stop loss that
goes below this range, what you can do
is after the confirmation here, you
could have it below the low here. And
that's going to give you much higher
reward to risk about 11 to1. So almost
more than the double here. So sometime I
would do this if I'm sure about the key
level that price was reaching and other
times I would do the opposite. You know
I will cover the whole range just like
this. So it all depends on your
approach. But the main approach that
we're following here is what the WTS.
The moment we have a weakness and
strength just like this weakness and
strength I would be trading the
continuation. the moment I have
weakness. And so yeah, this time here we
did not have a strength, but we have
this internal strength and then a
continuation and it goes like this. You
want to be taking these in a good price
position and it's going to go from
there. That's the end of the video. If
you have any question, you can leave
them in the comments. Hit the like
button and share the video with your
friends. Subscribe to the channel.
That's it and I'll see you next